feat(connectors): update doc on connector configuration (#721)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: md/performance-tuning.md

#### Connector service

The connector service executes connectors. To improve tenant isolation (and to protect against denial-of-service attacks), the default implementation of the connector service has its own threadpool and requires executes connectors in a separate thread from the worker.   

> The configuration of the threadpool of this serviceit idenpendent from the configuration of the work service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration of the threadpool of this service is independent from the configuration of the work service.
```

> If you have processes that use a lot of connectors, then you can have more threads to execute connectors. See [Connector execution](connectors-execution.md) page for details on how connectors are executed..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have processes that use a lot of connectors, then you can have more threads to execute connectors. See [Connector execution](connectors-execution.md) page for details on how connectors are executed.
```
